# New Preview

My project stems from the idea from *Bluebeard* that I explained in the Original Preview below this. I decided to make some changes based on my interpretation of his tube analogy (what it looks like and means to me). I made the switch from neon tubes of light to balls of light because I thought my audience would find it easier to understand the concept with balls of light, and only people who have read *Bluebeard* would know what the tubes meant. I originally wanted to make the lights different colors to preserve each person's individuality after their physical bodies are "stripped away," but the colors were distracting and took away from the main message of the argument. With the colors, it was harder to see the brightness vs dullness of the lights. I decided to sacrifice the colors and keep my visual as simple as possible to convey a clear message. With the white lights, it's a lot easier to see the difference in brightness among them, which strengthens the argument. 

The lights symbolize a person's soul, or more simply, the goodness inside that person. A brighter light means a purer, kinder soul, so the duller the light, the more the person strays away from this. My argument asks "How bright will you let your light shine?" If the only parts of people we saw were these lights, would we try harder to be kinder to others? Would we try to make our lights shine brighter? Would the world be a brighter place. If all people could see of you was your glowing soul, how bright would your light be?

# Original Preview

Over the past few days, I was having a lot of trouble figuring out what I wanted to do for my visual argument. I had a few ideas, but I didn't know how to execute them. The basis of all my arguments was to be kind to/not judge others, but I still didn't have a solid idea of what I wanted to do with that idea visually. While thinking about how to approach my argument, I remembered a book I read about two years ago called *Bluebeard* by Kurt Vonnegut. The main character Rabo Karabekian has an interesting way of how he looks at people. To put it simply, he says he imagines the "soul" and the "meat" of a person as separate, and he imagines a person's soul as a flexible neon tube inside of them. The soul, he says, has no control over what the meat does, so when someone does something bad, in his mind he "fleses" them, strips away all the meat, so that he sees nothing but their soul, and then he forgives them. It's a rather strange way of looking at people, and maybe it's not necessarily how we should be viewing the actions of others, but I still think it's a very interesting way to see things. His analogy has always translated to me that the soul contains all the "goodness" inside of people, and that, no matter what we look like or what we do with our lives, we're all the same on the inside. 

Whenever I think about this metaphor, I think about what these tubes inside of people would look like, and I try to imagine what life would look like if all we saw were tubes of light as people instead of their physical bodies. Would we treat each other better? Would the tubes of people with purer, kinder souls have a stronger glow? Would we all try harder to make our tubes shine bright? 

I decided, since I've always wondered what the tube metaphor would actually look like, that I wanted to test it out myself. I found some silhouettes of people online and added my idea of what the tubes would look like inside of them. I set them against a dark background to really draw the attention to the bright tubes and not to the people. Rabo never really specifies what color he imagines the tubes as, but I wanted to take that into my own hands. While everyone has a tube inside, we are all still individual people. With this analogy, I don't want to strip everyone of all their individuality and make everyone exactly the same. I imagine everyone's glow as different colors with varying degrees of intensity, so I decided to convey that in my project. Next, I think I want to add more people and gradually make the bodies fade into the background so that all that's left is the tubes. I'm still not sure what text I want to add or exactly what I'm trying to convince others of, but I really like the direction that I'm heading in. I'm glad that I thought to illustrate Rabo Karabekian's idea because it's been something that has fascinated me since I first read about it. I hope I can illustrate it in a way that makes others think and self-reflect as well.
